#summary Wanted features for future releases

This page is used to track feature wishes so you don't have to mail them every time ;-)

==Display fields with differences in other way than identical fields==
In the duplicate pair dialog: In order to make differences between contacts easily visible, highlight fields with differences

==Handling duplicates accross several address books==
Most users have at least two address books, some even more. They want to be able to remove duplicates between several address books in one run.

==Ability to switch the address book after calling "Find and handle duplicates..."==
The user might not have notices that duplicate checking is applied to the currently opened address book. So instead of simply displaying the name in the start window, a dropdown list or some other selection control should be displayed.

==Display all contact fields in the duplicate window for adding data==
Some users request this, since they want to manually add data to the remaining contact. On the other hand, it is important to have a quick overview over the field that contain the important (= the differing) values. So this might be an option/button "Show all fields" / "Show only fields with values" or "Show empty fields (On/Off)".

==Ability to save both individual contacts in the duplicate window without merging them==
During the address book walkthrough, the user might recognize that both presented contacts of a pair have to be saved, but the user would like to complete/modify the data of one or both.

==Ability to delete both presented contacts==
If none of the presented contacts is required any longer, e.g. because the more complete variant has been presented before, the user wants to eleminate both.

==Store the information that a certain pair is not a duplicate in order to avoid presentation in future runs==
If "John A" and "John B" turn out not to be the same person, the add-on might be so clever to memorize that information and save the user clicks in future runs.

==Trash can for deleted/modified contacts==
As a backup, the add-on should copy each contact to be modified into a save place and also move contacts to be deleted over there instead of actuall deletion. This "safe place" could be a new address book. If "find duplicates accross address books" should ever be accomplished, this address book of course would have to be ignored.

==The more complete contact should win by default==
The system should make the more complete contact (the one with more fields filled in) the selected winner (the one to keep).

==Display a list of all duplicates instead of processing pair by pair==
The aim of this change would be to prevent all duplicates at a time in a list, where users can mass edit details and resolve duplicates, in order to save the time now used for waiting while the add-on is processing.